{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red69\green60\blue204;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c34510\c33725\c83922;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: Matt Regan <matt@nyaasllc.com>\
Subject: Re: First version of chatbot\
Date: December 5, 2017 at 11:14:52 PM EST\
To: James@nyaasllc.com, Charmaine Wood <charmaine_wood@icloud.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Hi Charmaine.\
\
This is so cool! Really great job as the first version. I think with some minor changes this could truly improve the user experience and help the law firm out with this process.\
\
1) My biggest issue is that it errors out and will not let me finish. When I try to answer the question \'93What is the zip code of your mailing address\'94 toward the end (forwarding address) nothing happens. The JS console shows:\
\
[Error] SyntaxError: Unexpected EOF\
(anonymous function) (First version (seller).html:2)\
\
2) Definitely need a more user friendly phrase for \'93Save above text as answer\'94. Perhaps something like \'93Answer and Move on to the Next Question\'94 ?\'a0\
\
3) Along the same lines the \'93Go Back One\'94 should probably read something like \'93Change My Previous Answer\'94. When the user clicks this button it would be nice if the answer box was pre-loaded with their original response. Is that possible?\
\
4) We should probably ask the user \'93Are you sure you want to start over from the very beginning\'94 after they click \'93Start Over\'94 before actually resetting the form. \'a0Along the same lines as #3, is it possible even on a restart to keep the original answers as starting points?\
\
5) It would be nice if some of the questions had hints to help the user understand the type of response we are looking for, like if it is a phone number \'93770-555-2345\'94, or if it is a street address \'93101 Peachtree Street\'94.\
\
Please be honest about what is reasonable effort and what is not. Lets obviously focus on me being able to finish the chat and see what the end result is, then worry about some of these fine tuning options.\
\
Thank you again, this is super exciting. Nice work!\
\
-mmr\
\
On Dec 5, 2017, 21:59 -0600, Charmaine Wood <charmaine_wood@icloud.com>, wrote:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 Good Evening,\
\
I hope all is well. I was able to develop the first version of the chatbot from the information on Closing Connect, which focuses on the information needed from the seller. Please let me know where there should be revisions. Thank you.\
\
Sincerely,\
Charmaine Wood\
\
}